Prevent at all from non moderators (#9464)
nextcloud/spreed: docs/conversation.md

| `callStartTime`         | int     | v4    |         | Timestamp when the call was started (only available with `recording-v1` capability)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| `callRecording`         | int     | v4    |         | Type of call recording (see [Constants - Call recording status](constants.md#call-recording-status)) (only available with `recording-v1` capability)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | `canMentionEveryone`    | int     | v4    |         | Type of call recording (see [Constants - Can mention everyone](constants.md#can-mention-everyone)) (only available with `can-mention-everyone` capability)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: Call recording?

Author: Copy past of previous row 🫣

        + `400 Bad Request` When the conversation is a breakout room
        + `403 Forbidden` When the current user is not a moderator/owner or the conversation is not a public conversation
        + `404 Not Found` When the conversation could not be found for the participant

## change the permission to mention everyone using `@all`
* Required capability: `can-mention-everyone`
* Method: `PUT`
* Endpoint: `/room/{token}/can-mention-everyone`
* Data:

| field        | type | Description                                                               |
|--------------|------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `permission` | int  | See [Constants - Can mention everyone](constants.md#can-mention-everyone) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `config` | int  | See [Constants - Can mention everyone](constants.md#can-mention-everyone) |
```

permission sounds weird, since it's more targeting a group

* Response:
    - Status code:
        + `200 OK`

>         + `400 Bad Request` Error: `config`: When is an invalid constant to handle the permission

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        + `400 Bad Request` Error: `config`: When the provided config value is invalid
```

        + `400 Bad Request` When the conversation is a breakout room
        + `403 Forbidden` When the current user is not a moderator/owner or the conversation is not a public conversation
        + `404 Not Found` When the conversation could not be found for the participant

> # Allow non moderators to mention everyone using `@all`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Allow non moderators to mention everyone using `@all`
```

* Required capability: `canMentionEveryone`
* Method: `POST`
* Endpoint: `/room/{token}/can-mention-everyone`

* Response:
    - Status code:
        + `200 OK`

>         + `403 Forbidden` When the current user is not a moderator/owner or the conversation is not a public conversation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        + `403 Forbidden` When the current user is not a moderator/owner or the conversation is a one-to-one conversation
```

        + `400 Bad Request` When the conversation is a breakout room
        + `403 Forbidden` When the current user is not a moderator/owner or the conversation is not a public conversation
        + `404 Not Found` When the conversation could not be found for the participant

# Allow non moderators to mention everyone using `@all`

> * Required capability: `canMentionEveryone`

Reviewer: Wrong capability name

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Required capability: `can-mention-everyone`
```

* Method: `POST`
* Endpoint: `/room/{token}/can-mention-everyone`

* Response:
    - Status code:
        + `200 OK`
        + `403 Forbidden` When the current user is not a moderator/owner or the conversation is not a public conversation
        + `404 Not Found` When the conversation could not be found for the participant

# Disallow non moderators to mention everyone using `@all`

> * Required capability: `canMentionEveryone`

Reviewer: Wrong capability name

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Required capability: `can-mention-everyone`
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Required capability: `can-mention-everyone`
```

* Method: `DELETE`
* Endpoint: `/room/{token}/can-mention-everyone`

* Response:
    - Status code:
        + `200 OK`

>         + `403 Forbidden` When the current user is not a moderator/owner or the conversation is not a public conversation

Reviewer: Should that be group conversation? Or is it really limited to public?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        + `403 Forbidden` When the current user is not a moderator/owner or the conversation is a one-to-one conversation
```

Reviewer 2: But actually 1-1 should return a 400
